Alex analyst for 12 years right 13 13
and we want at all Alex started at day
one when we had this little twinkle teen
we called it back in the day and I had
to like field trip Molly over there to
have enough people with your bf has only
had four and i had to wake Molly me on
it to get pretend like we actually have
teen and for some reason I'm still not
sure why they stuff by us 32 people in
the program 3071 program there was
always out
now
I have never worry about anything that
you report and I worry a lot so that
says left a just your says that
leadership is is unused up your example
your role model just going to Duke which
is awesome and I I cannot wait to be a
fan of everything you're going to
achieve in your lifetime you have
drugged our program through 13 years of
SS and nobody deserved that world
championship in the entire milk cows
when he did so we just want to say thank
you for being awesome and and for help
and bed for all these years yeah
so Kate excellence for the alleys car
Oh
never coast as she returned without he
started how many of you know that story
goes he like wheeled his little suitcase
said to move to current go and the Fed
literally rang like literally 30 seconds
after he got here and this like this the
same love and we need the new you know
do you wanna bring to your turn their
nose like sweet bacon coaster and Alex
gave me the first practice so yeah it's
gonna be fun tonight but all right four
years ago my gym here chea CA i decided
to try out at carnival I'm sure exactly
why or what chicken foots as put onto
yearly and the back of my mind I knew
that things were going to be extremely
hard but I wanted to give it a shot
anyway I received my first and only dash
jacket as well as my first year sport
jacket I wanted to try out again next
year because i was so pleased and all
that we had accomplished on junior
league shockingly i made senior Lee I
burst into tears and into my pants room
and shouted I Monsignor late I was
nervous scared and excited all at one
time I need that I had big shoes to fill
because I was coming on to a team that
just when worlds for the first time in
CA history they immediately welcomed me
into the family that team was full of
town azuma undefeated the entire season
they received third place at world I
knew I had to come back for another year
because I knew it was possible to win
the 2011-2012 team was foolish heart and
drive there were so many new people
wanting so badly to win that I updated
with world's at a senior named Casey
years that I wanted I want to win worlds
and now that I wanted it more for her
than I did myself in that moment I also
realized the true meaning behind being
on securely it was loving the 35 other
girls on the team so much that you want
it to be successful for them when we
want to add a huge smile on face as I
watched my team shed tears of joy be
coming back my senior year was the only
option and this team had the whole
package talent and heart I think it
would accomplish great things this year
and we did I try to look up to each and
every one of you this team has a lot of
commitment for I need to practice after
one day of school giving up normal high
school activities just to cheer it
amazes me that people at age 12 are
willing to give up so much as well as
those in high school it's not easy but
you guys love this board and this team
that much that you're willing to do it I
love you guys and then next year will be
nothing but happiness I also want to
thank the coaches as I really haven't
had the opportunity to say on the first
game is DEA I was so afraid of her she's
always yelled me about my job and I go
home to my parents whining that fair
didn't like me because if you have been
with like the nice guys we never really
L didn't but I must admit she's got on
me say I appreciate how hard efficient
on my job and they're now pretty good if
I must say so but it's been a wonder
what's going on to you as you bring a
lot of like to practice I had have been
at Salem banquet but he's honestly
giving me everything to make sure I
could be a part of this team one day I
thank you now I'll make you a million
times more for always believing in me
and then there's Kourtney I when I met
you at age 50 he didn't have as much
time together over the first 10 years of
my cheerleading career however you
taught me a lot of wines lessons in
these days passed for use I haven't
heard of many coaches that have uh sorry
positive thinking books have us bring
our fears
you did we taught me how to love that
will get you anywhere in life I look up
to you as a thousand of other little
girls do a lot of girls take the time to
tell you how amazing you are but I hope
you take the time to truly live but on
how amazing you are he made a thousand
people's dreams come true it made my
dreams come true thank you so much for
everything for believing in me for
believing in this team if it even when
we didn't believe within ourselves I
love you all I can't wait to see what
you know what you guys have in store
next year and best of luck
you